Improve language in multipass/Linux.md (#91)
canonical/open-documentation-academy: multipass/Linux.md

<a href="#heading--install-multipass"><h2 id="heading--install-multipass">Install Multipass</h3></a>

> Multipass is available for Linux, macOs, and Windows. To install it on the OS of your choice, please follow the instructions given [here](https://multipass.run/docs/how-to-guides). Note that this tutorial demonstrates how to use Multipass on Linux, specifically Ubuntu, but the experience on any OS should be similar.

Reviewer: Please incorporate a change that was suggested by another contributor: instead of:
> follow the instructions given [here]
substitute the generic "here" link with:
> follow the instructions given in the [how-to guides]

The primary instance automatically mounts the $HOME directory (files in this directory are shared between the host and the instance), and it comes with Multipass's default specs: 1GB of RAM, 5GB of disk, and 1 CPU.
-->
Start Multipass from the application launcher. In Ubuntu, press the super key and type "Multipass", or find Multipass in the Applications panel on the lower left of the desktop.

![|800x450](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/949aa05e-mp-linux-1.png) 

Once you've launched the application, you should see the Multipass tray icon on the upper right section of the screen.

![|688x52](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/5ec546da-mp-linux-2.png) 

> Click on the **icon**, then select **Open Shell**. 

Reviewer: I would not capitalise "icon" as it's not a UI label or button, just a reference to the Multipass icon. Also, since it's a very short sentence, I'd simplify it removing the comma:

```suggestion
Click on the Multipass icon and select **Open Shell**. 
```

ubuntu@primary:~$
```

> Test it out. As you've just learnt, the previous step automatically mounted your $HOME directory in the instance. Use this to share data with your instance. More concretely, create a new folder called Multipass_Files in your $HOME directory:

Reviewer: I would personally keep "Let's test it out!" here, to keep the tone light and conversational :)

Congratulations, you've got your first instance! 

This instance is great for when you just need a quick Ubuntu VM, but let's say you want a more customised instance. Multipass has you covered there too.

[details = "Optional Exercises"]
Exercise 1: 
When you click on Open Shell, what happens in the background is the equivalent of the CLI commands `multipass launch –name primary`  followed by  `multipass shell`. Open a terminal and try `multipass shell` (if you didn't follow the steps above, you will have to run the `launch` command first).

Exercise 2: 

> In Multipass, an instance with the name `primary` is privileged. That is, it is the default argument of multipass shell. In two terminal instances, check `multipass shell primary` and `multipass shell`. Both commands should give the same result.

Author: I agree with this but i still think "for example" alters the purpose of the sentence, which is to clarify what being a privileged instance means, while still not clearly communicating that being the default argument of `multipass shell` is just one of the functions of being a privileged instance. So i found a way to stick with "that is" while achieving clarity on both ( or at least tried to achieve clarity on both)

minikube                                      latest           minikube is local Kubernetes
```

> Launch an instance running Ubuntu 22.10 ("Kinetic Kudu") by typing the command `multipass launch kinetic`.

Author: Unlike, "let's test it out", this is an instruction meant for the reader. Being that I've changed all pronouns to 2nd-person in places that directly communicate with the reader (it helps with engagement), i think we should maintain that consistency

> Launch an instance running Ubuntu 22.10 ("Kinetic Kudu") by typing the command `multipass launch kinetic`.

Author: I completely agree that the sequence of imperative commands needs to be broken, specifically here

Mounts:         --
```

Copy the IP address starting with "10" and paste it into your browser, then add a colon and the portainer default port, 9000. It should look like this: 10.115.5.235:9000. This will take you to the Portainer login page where you can set a username and password.

![|720x543](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/75a164a1-mp-linux-5.png) 

From there, select a local docker environment.

![|720x601](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/ee3ff308-mp-linux-6.png) 

> Inside the newly selected local docker environment, navigate to the table of content, click on "app templates", and select NGINX.

Author: Thanks for the nitpicks. Can't use the ">" method because of the variety of actions needed in the steps (the style guide seems to specifically warn against this)

Mounts:         --
```

Copy the IP address starting with "10" and paste it into your browser, then add a colon and the portainer default port, 9000. It should look like this: 10.115.5.235:9000. This will take you to the Portainer login page where you can set a username and password.

![|720x543](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/75a164a1-mp-linux-5.png) 

From there, select **a local Docker environment**.

![|720x601](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/ee3ff308-mp-linux-6.png) 

Inside the newly selected local Docker environment, navigate to the **table of contents**, click on **app templates**, and select **NGINX**.

![|720x460](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/86be3eae-mp-linux-7.png) 

From the Portainer dashboard, you can see the ports available on nginx. To verify that you have nginx running in a Docker container inside Multipass, open a new web page and paste the IP address of your instance followed by one of the port numbers.

![|720x465](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/25585a03-mp-linux-8.png) 

<a href="#heading--next-steps"><h2 id="heading--next-steps">Next steps</h2></a>

> Congratulations! You can now use Multipass proficiently. There's more to learn about Multipass and its capabilities. Check out our [how-to guides](https://multipass.run/docs/how-to-guides) for ideas and help with your project. Our [reference page](https://multipass.run/docs/reference) contains definitions of key concepts, a complete CLI command reference, settings options, and more.

Reviewer: Minor fix: I'd write "reference page**s**" (plural) and adjust the verb accordingly; also, I'd remove the serial comma in the last sentence as per our style guide.

```suggestion
Congratulations! You can now use Multipass proficiently. There's more to learn about Multipass and its capabilities. Check out our [how-to guides](https://multipass.run/docs/how-to-guides) for ideas and help with your project. Our [reference pages](https://multipass.run/docs/reference) contain definitions of key concepts, a complete CLI command reference, settings options and more.
```
